# Software
There are many types of software, but the three we will be discussing within this unit are application, utility, and operating system software. Starting off with the first one, application software is primarily utilized to complete specific tasks such as calculations, spreadsheets, processing words, or just simply browsing the internet. An example of this kind of software would be the application "Google Drive" because within it you can create documents and spreadsheets. Utility software is program that allows you to sort through, modify or arrange your computer to your liking. An example of utility software is "Windows Defender" which is a  program to help keep your computer safe from viruses. Lastly we are on Operating System Software (OSS). An OSS is the manager of all your hardware and system and makes it so that the interface does what you want it to do. Examples of OSS would be "Microsoft Windows", and "Apple Mac". There is one more type of software that we are learning about and that is ERP software. ERP is is Enteriprise Resource Planning, which was devoloped to make it so that organizations are able to use the software and make it utilize one central database that connects everything. An example of companies or organizations that use ERP is "Microsoft, Oracle, and Sap".


# Virtualization 
To explain what types of problems are solved by virtualization I would first like to define virualization. Virtualization is the "technology that lets you create useful IT services using resources that are traditionally bound to hardware". The problems that virtualization can solve are splitting a server into two or more unique ones so that they can run different tasks at once. This can be very useful for physical servers because instead of wasting space and being able to only run one program you can run multiple and use the servers powers to its full use. Hypervisors role in virtualization was that it was basically the early version of it. Hypervision made it so that multiple users could simultaneously access computers that can perform bathc processing, which is a computing style that runs routine tasks thousands of times very quickly. 

# Cloud Computing VS Virtualization
The difference between CC and Virtualization is is that virtualization is first of all a physical piece of hardware while cloud computing is non-physical IT tool. The second difference is that virtualization is technology that allows you to have multiple dedicated resources from the use of one piece of hardware, while cloud computing is a tool that can share and pool resources across it's entire network. "To put it simply, virtualization is a technology, where cloud is an environment." A network admin can move from virtualization to cloud by the use of software called hypervisor. Hypervsior is another physical device which has access to virtual environmeants called virtual machines. Virtual machines can be used to raw process power, storage, or cloud based applications. This is how the two can be interconnected.

# Python
The pseudo-code nature of Python is a strength of Python that allows you to focus on the solution to the problem rather than the language of Python, which makes usuing it very easy. An interpreted language is different from a compiled language because you do not need compilation to run binary, instead it is ran directly from the source code. A language like Python is interpreted because it does not need to be compiled in order to work, it just goes off it's source code.

# Career Exploration
Within my exploration into the beureau of labor statistics I found a lot of useful information. I like how the website will give you direct links to your area of interest and from there you are free to explore all the little sub divisions you come across and it sort of gives off the rabbit hole affect where you could just get lost down there for a very long time reading interesting articles and doing research. 

# Certifications
I did a little research on the post graduate cyber security degree at Tri-C and found out that it can give you just a little more preperation but in the long run that extra certificate can probably give you the edge over other in job interviews and such. The main purpose of this certificate is to help expand your knowledge of defensive security measures to help secure networks and systems.

## Co-ops/Internships
To be co-op ready at Tri-C you must still be currently enrolled, have at least 12 credit hours with two courses related to your field, lastly you need a 2.75 GPA and that is all. The benefits of achieving this are that you get a hands on learning experience through job assignments related to your field, with this real world experience you are able to build connections and a reputation to help you advance your career. 

## Industry Associations / Student Organizations
I did some reading on the gaming club that our westshore campus has. I found out that this club is a club made for gamers to come together and share thier love of games. Within this club there are tournaments, meetings, and fun teamplay events. Membership is important for this club because the more gamers you have the wider the variety gets, and the more ideas they have can become reality. The CCDC has a very simple mission to have a controlled and competitive enviornmeant for students to come together to try and build the best program with the best teamwork to move further on into the competition. 

